amazon.co.uk
Deliver to
Ukraine
All

All Departments
Search Amazon.co.uk
Hello, sign in
Account & Lists
Returns
& Orders
0
Basket
All
Best Sellers
Gift Ideas
Today's Deals
Music
New Releases
Books
PC & Video Games
Vouchers
PC
Toys & Games
Electronics
Gift Cards & Top Up
Fashion
Home & Garden
Beauty
Health & Personal Care
Car & Motorbike
Pet Supplies
Baby
Subscribe & Save
Shopper Toolkit
Sell on Amazon
Sports & Outdoors
Customer Service
Kindle Books
Disability Customer Support
Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsWarehouse DealsOutletSubscribe & SaveVouchersPrime VideoPrime StudentMobile AppsAmazon Pickup Locations
Help and customer service
Find more solutions
Returns and Refunds  ›  Returns  › 
About Our Returns Policies
Amazon.co.uk, and many Sellers on Amazon.co.uk, offer returns for most items within 30 days of receipt of delivery. You can use this page to learn about our return policies. Most items sold on Amazon.co.uk follow our general return policies, but some products have different policies or requirements associated with them.

Note: Extended Returns information: For the 2023 holiday season, most of the items purchased between November 1 and December 31 can be returned until January 31, 2024. Learn more about our Return policy.
Mistaken Returns
Statutory Cancellation Right
Our Voluntary Returns Policy
Returns Costs & Methods
Heavy and Bulky Items
Other Statutory Rights
Defective Items After 30 Days
Amazon Global Store Items
Amazon Fresh Items
Amazon Handmade
Customised Products
Luxury Stores
Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards
Other Specific Items
Note: We will issue a refund, for a product shipped by Amazon, within a maximum of 14 days and confirm it with an automated e-mail. In certain circumstances refund time frames may be longer. You can see the refund in your bank account or credit card statement, within a maximum of 7 business days after the refund is issued. In certain circumstances refund timeframes may be longer. For more information about our refund policies and how long it will take for you to receive your refund, go to Refunds or contact customer services.
At Amazon.co.uk we want you to have a positive experience every time you shop with us. Occasionally though, we know you may want to return items and you have the right to cancel the purchase of most items within 14 days. You also have statutory rights where goods are not as described, not fit for purpose or not of satisfactory quality.

Mistaken Returns
Please ensure you enclose the correct and complete item when making a return. The correct item must be returned to receive a refund.

If you have accidentally sent the wrong item to Amazon, please contact Customer Service as soon as possible as Amazon does not store mistakenly sent items. Amazon cannot guarantee your item will be found and returned, and no compensation is provided for incorrect items sent to Amazon.

Statutory Cancellation Right
You have the statutory right to cancel your order for any reason within 14 days beginning with the day you receive the item (please see clause 2 of our Conditions of Use & Sale for the full instructions on cancellation and further information on your right of cancellation). To exercise your cancellation right please visit our Returns Support Centre.

Our Voluntary Returns Policy
As well as your statutory cancellation rights described above, you can return most products from the Amazon sites to Amazon within 30 days of receipt of the products if the products are in an unused and undamaged condition. To return an item please visit our Returns Support Centre.

Please note that this returns policy doesn't affect your statutory rights and therefore doesn't affect your right of cancellation as described above.

Please note that you must return each item in the same condition in which you received it. This means that new items must be returned unused and undamaged. Used items must not have any additional signs of use or damage.

The same exclusions apply to our Returns Guarantee as for the right of withdrawal. The following products thus cannot be returned under the Returns Guarantee (unless defective):

Products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery, or which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other items;
Sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed by you after delivery;
Goods made to your specifications or clearly personalised, especially personalised Amazon Handmade items;
Goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly;
A service, if the supplier has fully performed it and you accepted when you placed your order that the supplier could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;
Digital content (including apps, digital software, eBooks, MP3, etc.) which is not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you accepted when you placed your order that the supplier could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started. Where an eBook has been partially read or in cases of abuse, refunds may be denied.
Newspapers, journals or magazines with the exception of subscription contracts;
Alcoholic beverages whose actual value is dependent on fluctuations in the market which the supplier cannot control
The following table provides an overview of the key provisions of your statutory cancellation right as well as our voluntary returns policy and how they compare to one another:

Statutory Rights	Amazon Returns Policy (as set out by product category below)
Return period	14 days	30 days
Refund of costs of sending the item back to us if defective, damaged or incorrect item?	Yes	Yes
Refund of costs of sending the item back to us if cancellation?	No	Yes
Refund of costs of sending the item back to us if Shoes, Clothing, Handbags, Jewellery & Watches?	No	Yes
Refund of original delivery costs if defective?	Yes	Yes
Refund of original delivery costs if cancelled?	Yes, cheapest method	Yes, cheapest method
Returns Costs & Methods
Amazon will refund the cost of sending an item back to us if it was sold or dispatched by Amazon (made-on-demand Collection items from The Drop, that are not defective, damaged or incorrect, are not eligible for free returns. See more information here). In many cases, we’ll provide you with a pre-paid returns label. If the item you purchased is not eligible for Free Return, and you’re using a pre-paid return label, we’ll deduct the cost of the return from your refund. For returns from within the UK, costs start at £3.99. International return costs start at £8.09. Please note that returns that contain multiple items, or large items, may cost more. We offer various returns methods which will differ depending on the item(s) you’re returning. We’ll always display the most accurate return costs and methods available for your item(s) in our Returns Support Centre when you create your label.

You can return items in the following ways:

Using drop off services at locations that are convenient for you.
Using Heavy-Bulky return options, handled by a specialty carrier team.
Using Locker and Amazon Hub Counter locations for small packages.
Using a scanned QR code at designated return locations to make label-free and package-free returns.
To see which options are available for your return, go to Your Orders.

Please note that certain types of items aren't eligible for cancellation or return under the Amazon returns policy. You can find out more in the Conditions of Use & Sale.

We won't accept the return of any software returned to us if it's been opened. We reserve the right to refuse returns or to charge you our fees and expenses if the product isn't received in new, unopened condition.

If a product becomes defective after 30 days you won't be able to create a returns label using our Returns Support Centre - you'll need to Contact Us. You may wish to visit the manufacturer's website or contact them directly as they may be able to offer troubleshooting and support with the issue you have with the product. Please see Manufacturer Contact Details and After Sales Service.

Heavy and Bulky Items
Heavy and bulky Items are items that weigh 31.5kg or more, or whose longest side (when packed) exceeds 175cms When returning heavy and bulky items you will need to arrange for collection. To find out whether the item you want to return needs to be collected, please use our Returns Support Center. For more information, please visit our help page to Organise a Return Collection.

Other Statutory Rights
You have additional rights in relation to incorrect, damaged or defective goods. For more information about these statutory rights, please visit Adviceguide, a Citizens Advice website at http://www.adviceguide.org.uk/. This link is provided to help our customers find out the rights they have where goods are not as described, not fit for purpose or not of satisfactory quality.

If you need to contact us by post, please write to:

Amazon UK Services Ltd
1 Principal Place
Worship Street
London
EC2A 2FA*
This isn't our returns address and returns won't be processed at the above address. If you need to return an item please visit our Returns Support Centre.

*In order to ensure a faster response please visit Customer Service.

Defective Items After 30 Days
Troubleshooting and product support may be available to resolve any issues with your product, as outlined in the Product Support Help page. If your item becomes defective after the Amazon return period, Amazon will repair any defective item. The repair will be completed by the manufacturer or by a third-party repair service provider authorised by the manufacturers to repair their products. If a repair is not possible, we'll send you a replacement, and if a replacement is not available, we will refund the purchase price. Repair is only available for qualifying items sold by Amazon.co.uk or Amazon Warehouse. Amazon does not accept a return after 30 days for consumable products (e.g. batteries, fuses, ink, light bulbs, etc.) or if the defect is due to accidental damage, deliberate damage, caused by external factors, or general wear and tear. For more information, go to About Warranty Repairs.

Amazon Global Store Items
Most Amazon Global Store items can be returned within 30 days of receipt of delivery. Please use the online Returns Support Centre. We will issue a refund within a maximum of 14 days and confirm it with an automated e-mail. You can see the refund in your bank account or credit card statement, within a maximum of 7 business days after the refund is issued. In certain circumstances refund time-frames may be longer. For incorrect, defective, or damaged items, you’ll be refunded for original delivery costs, as well any Import Fees Deposit(s) for the returned item(s), once your return is processed.

For some Amazon Global Store items, you'll be offered the same local return methods as outlined in the Returns Costs & Methods paragraph above. For others, you'll be provided with a pre-paid UPS return label, which allows you to return the item(s) to any UPS drop-off point located across the UK. You can find your most convenient UPS location using the following link: UPS Dropoff Locations

For eligible Global Store orders placed to the Republic of Ireland, you will be provided with a pre-paid An Post return label.

If your return label requires you to return the item at your own expense, Amazon will automatically refund up to £20 for return postage costs (for items sold by Amazon US), and up to £15 for return postage costs (for items sold by Amazon EU). If your return shipping costs more than the automated refund amount you receive, please keep a copy of your return postage receipt. For more information on Amazon Global Store please see the Amazon Global Store Terms & Conditions.

Amazon Fresh Items
Items purchased at an Amazon Fresh store are refundable within 30 days of purchase. For more information, go to About Amazon Fresh stores. The majority of Amazon Fresh food items aren't returnable, but may be refunded. See About Spilled or Damaged Amazon Fresh Items for information on requesting a refund.

Amazon Handmade
Products sold by Handmade Makers are subject to the standard A-to-z Guarantee policies for Amazon. The exception to this are items that are purchased with optional customisation options, other than size and colour. See Customised Products for additional details.

Customised Products
Customised products include any products that are configured, personalised, or inscribed; for example, engravings, stamps, monograms, embroidery, embossing, etching, carving or printing. Custom products are not returnable but may be refunded or replaced within 30 days of delivery if the products are damaged/defective upon arrival, or materially different from what was ordered. If there is a misspelling or error in the configuration, inscription, or design due to a mistake by the third-party Seller, you are protected per the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee

Luxury Stores
The following information applies to all return-eligible Luxury Stores products, and returns that fail to adhere to these guidelines may be rejected. Luxury Stores orders can be purchased on Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it or Amazon.es. Selected Luxury Stores items can be shipped to, and returned from, addresses in the EU, UK and Switzerland. If the item you'd like to purchase is not eligible for delivery outside of the UK, a delivery restriction message will be displayed at the checkout asking you to select a different address instead.

Luxury Stores products must be returned in a new, unused, and unaltered condition. This includes any attached tags (product tags and security tags), and where applicable, hygiene seals.
Product packaging and documentation should also be returned with Luxury Stores products. For product documentation, this includes any certificates of authenticity, warranty cards.
Items must be returned using the return label we provide. If a return label is not provided, then please contact the Luxury Stores Customer Service team at luxurystores@amazon.co.uk.
If we have concerns with authenticity or the condition of the return, we may provide a longer return processing window to evaluate with the brand owner, and this may impact the timing of any applicable refund.
Removal of personal data
When returning a product for any reason, you must do so in the exact conditions you received it from Amazon. In this respect you must entirely delete, remove and eliminate all personal data pertaining to you and/or any third party which may be possibly present in same item, and must de-latch any account possibly latched to same item. You will be fully responsible for any data breach that may occur if you fail to do so. You must remove from the returned product and from the box containing the returned product any item not pertaining to the returned product as originally received from Amazon. Amazon will not be responsible for any such items erroneously left by you within the returned product or within the box containing the returned product. You agree and accept that the returned product will become Amazon’s property, and that Amazon is therefore entitled to sell it to third parties at Amazon’s full discretion.

Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards
Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards are non-returnable items. However, unused gift cards may be eligible for a refund by contacting Customer Service.

Other Specific Items
Amazon may sell certain products in unsealed boxes (e.g., for HTC and Huawei), as this is how we receive them. When returning these products to Amazon, you have to send them in the same conditions as received by you, without affixing any seal. Should you send us these products in a sealed box you may be held liable for any data breach or other adverse consequences related to such manumission.

For instructions on how to return certain specific items, please see the following links:

If your order was sold and dispatched by a Seller on Amazon Marketplace, you can learn more about Arranging Marketplace Returns and Refunds.

For Prime Video, please see the Prime Video Terms of Use page.

For Amazon Music, please see the Amazon Music Terms of Use page.

For Kindle, please see the Amazon Devices Returns Policies page, the Kindle and Fire Tablet Terms page and the Amazon Kindle Store Terms of Use page.

For the Amazon Appstore for Android, please see the Amazon Appstore for Android Terms of Use page.

For Amazon Games and Software downloads, please see the Amazon Games and Software Terms of Use page.

For AutoRip Music, please see the AutoRip Terms of Use.

For Shoes, Clothing, Jewellery & Watches, including Collection and Staples by the Drop items purchased from The Drop, see About Free Returns On Fashion Items.

For items containing Hazardous Materials, please see Items containing Hazardous Materials.

For items containing High Value Items, please see the Very High Value Items page.

If you return items in which you've saved personal information, such as laptops, cameras or other electronic devices, you must erase this information completely before sending the product back to us.

Was this information helpful?

Yes
 
No
‹ All help topics
Returns
Post Office Label free Box Free
Return Items You Ordered
About Our Returns Policies
Organise a Return Collection
Return a Gift
Return a Gift Using a Gift Receipt
Return Gifts from Your Baby Wishlist
Send a Gift Receipt
Marketplace Returns and Refunds
Free Returns on Fashion Items
Returning Items that Contain Hazardous Materials
Return an Item at a Hermes Drop Off Location
Return an Item at an Amazon Hub Counter
ArrowXL Pickups
DPD Collections
About Free Returns
Quick solutions
Your orders	
Your orders

Track and return orders

Returns and refunds	
Returns and refunds

Return or exchange items

Carrier info	
Carrier info

Delivery carrier information

Manage Prime	
Manage Prime

Cancel or view benefits

Payment settings	
Payment settings

Add or edit payment methods

Account settings	
Account settings

Change email or password

Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
About Us
UK Modern Slavery Statement
Amazon Science
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell on Amazon Handmade
Sell on Amazon Launchpad
Associates Programme
Fulfilment by Amazon
Seller Fulfilled Prime
Advertise Your Products
Independently Publish with Us
Amazon Pay
Host an Amazon Hub
›See More Make Money with Us
Amazon Payment Methods
Amazon Platinum Mastercard
Amazon Classic Mastercard
Amazon Money Store
Gift Cards
Amazon Currency Converter
Payment Methods Help
Shop with Points
Top Up Your Account
Top Up Your Account in Store
Let Us Help You
COVID-19 and Amazon
Track Packages or View Orders
Delivery Rates & Policies
Returns & Replacements
Recycling
Manage Your Content and Devices
Amazon Mobile App
Amazon Assistant
Customer Service
Accessibility
Australia
Brazil
Canada
China
France
Germany
India
Italy
Japan
Mexico
Netherlands
Poland
Singapore
Spain
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
United States
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs		AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectables		ACX
Audiobook Publishing
Made Easy		Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services
 
Audible
Download Audiobooks		Goodreads
Book reviews
& recommendations		Amazon Home Services
Experienced pros
Happiness Guarantee		IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
 
Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital & Print Publishing
Made Easy		Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands		Amazon Warehouse
Deep Discounts
Open-Box Products		Amazon Business
Service for
business customers
 
 		Whole Foods Market
We Believe in
Real Food		 		 
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Cookies Notice
Interest-Based Ads Notice
© 1996-2022, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates